If one more label try to stop me
It's gon' be some dreadhead niggas in ya lobby

You don't want no problems, want no problems with me, bih!
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
Just another day, had to pick up all the mail
There go Chano ridin' through the streets, they be like, "There he go!"
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me, bih!
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
Just another day, had to pick up all the mail
There go Chano ridin' through the streets, they be like, "There he go!"

Ooh, I be comin', put the hinges in their hands
Countin' Benjis while we meetin', make 'em shake my other hand
Milly rockin', scoopin' all the blessings on my lap
I know you tried to cheat, you shoulda never took a nap
Fuck wrong with you? What you was thinkin'?
Fuck you thought it was?
You talk that talk, that nigga lame, that nigga fall in love
Not me, though, you can keep those
Boy I'm at your head like Craig did Deebo
Don't tweak, bro, it's never sweet, ho
My shooters come for free, so
Somebody pray for the God, oh lord
I wonder what Michael's on
Son jammin' to his shit
Rappin' trappin' trippin' 'cid
And sniffing glue and chewing Vicodin
Shoulda died- yelling YOLO was a lie
And you a liar wonder why you wanna die so young
You and I look just alike
And I'm afraid that this one right here
Might be the last time that I write a song
Lot of niggas wanna go out with a bang
But I ain't tryna go out at all
So I ain't tryna go out at all
Got a lot of ideas still to throw out the door
Last chance joint gotta be a dance joint
From an introspective drugged out standpoint
Throw bands joint, wanna hold hands joint
Old school for my own old man joint
If one more label try to stop me
It's gon' be some dreadhead niggas in ya lobby
See my face in the streets, in the tweets
And a Reader or a Redeye if you read Sun-Times
She got blisters on her knees, she's a fiend for the D
Even though I only beat one time
One time it was one two times
It was two plus me equals threesome time
Shouts out to Nate, I jackball and I bop, I flex
Got neck from all these thots I sex
Rastafari them shottas yes
House safari, mi casa, yes
Poppy fields of that popeye
She came to party, she popped a Molly
Said "come to papa", she said "papa, yes"
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
Yep, yep!
They murking kids, they murder kids here
Why you think they don't talk about it? They deserted us here
Where the fuck is Matt Lauer at? Somebody get Katie Couric in here
Probably scared of all the refugees, look like we had a fucking hurricane here
They be shooting whether it's dark or not, I mean the days is pretty dark a lot
Down here it's easier to find a gun than it is to find a fucking parking spot
No love for the opposition, specifically a cop position,
Cause they've never been in our position
Getting violations for the nation, correlating, you dry snitching

Pull up, they be like, "There he go!"
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
You don't want no problems, want no problems with me
It just got warm out, this this shit I've been warned about.
I hope that it storm in the morning, I hope that it's pouring out.
I hate crowded beaches, I hate the sound of fireworks.
And I ponder what's worse between knowing it's over and dying first.
Cause everybody dies in the summer.
Wanna say ya goodbyes, tell them while it's spring.
I heard everybody's dying in the summer, so pray to God for a little more spring.

I know you scared, you should ask us if we scared, too.
If you was there, then we just knew you'd care, too.


They be like, "There he go!"
Petey Pablo, take your shirt off
Wave 'round your head like a helicopter
I ain't put enough weed in the blunt
All you do is smoke tobacco
Where the hell you get them from?
Yeezus said he ain't make them
My niggas chasin' bounty hunters
And gettin' chased by their baby mommas
My first tat was on my stomach
Got a pocket full of money
And a mind full of ideas
Some of this shit may sound weird
Inside of the Maybach
Look like it came out of Ikea
Run shit like diarrhea
Big yacht, no pies there
Aye, aye, captain
I'm high, captain
I'm so high
Me and God dappin'
This is my blessin'
This is my passion
School of hard knocks
I took night classes