Uh, I'm just so far gone, October's own, please leave me alone
Drunk off champagne screaming in the phone
See my house is not a home, what is going on
Where did we go wrong, where do we belong
Caught up in the game and it's one I can't postpone
Meaning if it rains I'm the one it's raining on
When my diamond chain is on still nothing set in stone
Women borrow sweaters that I spray with my cologne
And tell me don't forget 'em and I promise that I won't
Feeling so distant from everyone I've known
To make everybody happy I think I would need a clone
Places we get flown, parties that we've thrown
I've done more for this city then these rappers that have blown
It's only been three years look at how I've grown
I'm just in my zone, I call this the calm
Yea, but I'm the furthest thing from calm
Dedicated to my mom, and I swear my word is bond
Everything will be okay and it won't even take that long
You can see it in my face or even read it on my palm
Leader of the new school it's proven and it's known
I'm sitting in a chair but in the future it's a throne
I know you like to worry it'd be better if you don't cause
You know, everything gone be alright, I promise. 
Apologize to you know, to put y'all in this position and vent to y'all but
Forty mom always say, "Don't ask permission, just ask forgiveness"
You know, so, forgive me.
Yeah, yeah
Uh, and life is so insane, look what I've became, tryna make a name
All my first dates are interrupted by my fame
Because every picture taken is a fan that you can gain
They love it when you smile unaware that it's a strain
It's a curse you gotta live with when you born to entertain
Women need attention and for women will complain
Develop hatred for men and say that your the one to blame
Tryna enjoy myself with Taz in Miami at the game
I just wish he knew how much it really weighed like Dwayne
It's a weight that's on my chest whoever spotting me is playin'
So I'm lifting all alone try not to get a sprain
Hoping Western Union doing currency exchange
Cause my dad called and got me feeling guilty and ashamed
Like, how I had a Rolls and I went and got a range
And he paying for his cigarettes with dollars and some change
Damn, and I could only feel his pain
Cause in Memphis Tennessee there's only so much to attain
So I'm filling out the form at the counter once a-gain
He say he love me I just hope he doesn't say that s*** in vain
Why oh girl heart is in a slang
Call me heartbreak Drake I'm the hardest one to tame
As a man I'm just honest as a artist I'm a king
With my own set of problems that be sitting on my brain
Yea, and see this is the thing
What they viewing as bragging is the way that I maintain
The s*** I write while staring out the window of a plane
Is the single handed reason I remain
Me, yea, uh, I said I call this s*** the calm.
But I'm the furthest thing from calm.
I swear I'm putting on but they always 
Wanna ask what type of act you putting on like, man.

It may not mean nothing to y'all
But understand nothing was done for me
So I don't plan on stopping at all
I want this shit forever mine, ever mine, ever mine
I'm shutting shit down in the mall
And telling every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even planning to call
I want this shit forever mine, ever mine, ever mine, ever mine
Last name ever
First name greatest
Like a sprained ankle boy I ain't nothing to play with
Started off local but thanks to all the haters
I know G4 pilots on a first name basis
In your city faded off the brown, Nino
She insists she got more class, we know
Swimming in the money, come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club you know I balled, chemo
Drop the mix tape that shit sounded like an album
Who'da thought a country wide tour'd be the outcome
Labels want my name beside the X like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah, nigga I'm about my business
Killing all these rappers you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is asking for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness, bitches
Ever-ever, Mr. West is in the building
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams
Big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
I went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young
You can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gon' build statues for me
Old money Benjamin Button. What? Nothing
Now super bad chicks giving me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me no you fucking wasn't
Um, you're such a fucking loser
He didn't even go to class Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack
Chasing the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull their cameras out and goddamn he snap
I used to want this thing forever, y'all can have it back
OK, hello it's the Martian
Space jam Jordans
I want this shit forever wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest
Step up to the target
If I had one guess then I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm running from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur, "To the top."
Life is such a fucking roller coaster then it drops
But what should I scream for? This is my theme park
My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side you don't wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne that's what they gotta say or mention
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer
I'm resting in the lead I need a pillow and a cover
Shhh, my foot's sleeping on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last, uh.
There they go, packing stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, macadamian they go so ballistic, whoa
He can make them look like Bozos
He's wondering if he should spit this slow
Fuck no! Go for broke
His cup just runneth over, oh no
He ain't had him a buzz like this since the last time that he overdosed
They've been waiting patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as before
Bashing in the brains of these hoes
And establishing the name as he goes
The passion and the flame is ignited
You can't put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck that I'm talking about when we riot
You dealing with a few true villains
Who stand inside of a booth truth spilling
And spit true feelings, until our tooth fillings come flying up out of our mouths
Now rewind it!
Pay back motherfucker for the way that you got at me how's it taste?
When I slap the taste out your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place
I'm Hannibal Lecter so just in case you're thinking of saving face
You ain't gonna have no face to save by the time I'm through with this place
So Drake
You know a lot of girls be Thinking my songs are about them This is not to get confused This ones for you 
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it 'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up When I get right I promise that we gone live it up She make me beg for it, till she give it up And I say the same thing every single time 
I say, you da fucking best you da fucking best You da fucking best you da fucking best You the da best I ever had, Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had I say you da fuckin' 
Know you gotta roommate, Call me when there's no one there, Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (yup) I be over there, shawty I be over there I be hitting all the spots that you ain't even know was there And you don't even have to ask twice, You could have my heart, or we could share it like the last slice Always felt like you were so accustomed to the fast life Have a nigga thinking that he met you in a past life Sweat pants, hair tied, chilling with no make-up on That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringing drake along You know that I'm working I be there soon as I make it home And she a patient in my waiting room, Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume And until em' girls prove it, I'm the one they never get confused wit 
'Cause baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it 'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up When I get right I promise that we gone live it up She make me beg for it, till she give it up And I say the same thing every single time 
I say, you da fucking best you da fucking best You da fucking best you da fucking best You the da best I ever had, Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had I say you da fuckin' 
Sex, love, pain, baby I be on that tank shit, Buzz so big, I could probably sell a blank disk When my album drop bitches will buy it for the picture And niggas will buy two and claim they got it for they sister Magazine paper girl but money ain't the issue They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial She call me the referee cause I be so official My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make your pussy whistle Like the Andy Griffith theme song, And who told you to put them jeans on Double cup love, you're the one I lean on Feeling for a fix, than you should really get your fiend on Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot Every single show she out there repping like a mascot Get it from the back and make ya fucking bra strap pop All up in your slot till a nigga hit the jack pot 
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it I want this forever I swear I could spend whatever on it Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up When I get right I promise that we gone live it up She make me beg for it, till she give it up And I say the same thing every single time 
I say, you da fucking best you da fucking best You da fucking best you da fucking best You the da best I ever had, Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had All I care about is money and the city that I’m from
I’ma sip until I feel it, I’ma smoke it 'til it’s done
And I don’t really give a fuck, and my excuse is that I’m young
And I’m only getting older somebody should've told ya
I say, you da fucking best you da fucking best You da fucking best you da fucking best You da best I ever had, Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had Two white cups and I got that drink
It could be purple, it could be pink
Depending on how you mix that shit
Money that we got, never get that shit
Drizzy Drake, check me out
Coming live from the motherfucking north side
Kick game, run game, run it real good
But never ever have my bitches sittin’ court side
Same nigga that you knew way back when
You actin’ like it’s somebody you don’t know
Tell me how the fuck we supposed to stay friends
When you got a bunch of feelings that you don’t show
I can tell, I can tell, I can tell certain people don’t like me no more
New shit don’t excite me no more
Guess they don’t really make ‘em like me no more
Uh, you can look me in my eyes and see I ain't myself
'Cause if ya what I created then I hate myself
But still, let them girls in,
And tell 'em all leave their cell phones on the table where we see ‘em
I’m all day with it man, AM to the PM
Niggas hatin’, I just wish they would say it when I see em all
Uh, ah yeah See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody Just make sure they that special somebody Young money, yeah yeah You know who you are, I got you
This is me.
Still the same.
They want the hits.
I play the game.
No auto tune, but you can feel the pain.
It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein.
What up lil Braw.
What up slum Ville.
I hope you know that yall the reason I have fun still.
The fans thinking that we all signed for one mill.
Equal opportunities rapping, that shit is unreal.
That ain't how it works.
That ain't that how it goes.
And I be getting high to balance out the lows.
And I could use a writer to balance out my flows.
But I never share my thoughts,
This is all a nigga knows.
And every time I try, it opens up my eyes.
These verses are a chance to remembered and reprised.
And I would be performing just as long as I'm alive.
So every word I utter will be mine.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
Oh oh oh oh oh uhh.
I never cried when Pac died.
But I probably will when Hov does.
And if my tears hold value, then I would drop one for every single thing he showed us.
And I'll be standing in a puddle.
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
And ima keep it honest.
I'm so tired of being subtle.
Its just me, Forty, O, and Neek standing in a huddle.
Staring at the members of my team.
Who get questioned about they profit from this 40 million dollar scheme.
Just know that I'm in debt for you defending all our dreams.
I hope you tell your family this shit ain't what it seems.
But yall the reason for a lot of my devotion.
You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless.
And know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions.
At least I put it all in the open.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
We ignore feelings here.
Premature millionaires.
Welcome to my realest year.
Yeah.
I swear we making a killing here.
I should be on top of the world here just chilling here.
Uh.
But its funny having fans.
Who find you before anybody ever has the chance, and build you up so you could be the biggest in the game.
And realize when your there, sometimes the shit don't feel the same.
Yeah.
And plus things are just surreal at home
People think I've changed just because my appeal has grown
And now security follow me everywhere so I never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.
I think I'm scared of what the future holds.
I was wishing for some things and now am used to those.
Every girl I meet thinks I'm fucking groupie hoes.
The honesty of my music has left me too exposed.
All my old friends think I got a new crowd.
And people seem to notice every time I do smile.
I guess that mean they come few and far between.
Even though am living out what you would call the dream.
Yeah.
And my uncle ain't even messaging me.
And him missing in my life is kind of messing with me.
I hope this isn't one of those forever things.
Its funny how money can change everything.