Feel it coming in the air (Yeah) And the screams from everywhere (Yeah) I'm addicted to the thrill (I'm ready) It's a dangerous love affair (What's up, c'mon) Can't be scared when it goes down Got a problem, tell me now (What's up) Only thing that's on my mind (Whats up) Is who's gonna run this town tonight (What's up) Is who's gonna run this town tonight (What's up) We gonna run this town 
We are, yeah I said it, we are, This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance Get ya'll black tees on, all black everything Black cards, black cars, all black everything And our girls are blackbirds, riding with they Dillingers I'd get more in depth, if you boys really real enough This is la familia, I'll explain later But for now let me get back to this paper, I'm a couple bands down And I'm trying to get back I gave the other grip, I lost a flip for five stacks Yeah I'm talking five comma's, six zeros, dot zeroes here it go, Back to running circles 'round guys, now we squared up, hold up 
Life's a game but it's not fair I break the rules so I don't care So I keep doin' my own thing Walkin' tall against the rain (What's up) Victory's within the mile, Almost there, don't give up now (What's up) Only thing that's on my mind Is who's gon' run this town tonight (What's up) Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, (What's up) Is whos going run this town tonight? 
We are, yeah I said it we are, You can call me Caesar, in a dark Czar Please follow the leader, So Eric B. we are Microphone fiend, it's the return of the God, peace God (Ah! Ah!) And ain't nobody fresher, I'm in Mason Martin Margiela, On the tape we're screaming fuck the other side, they jealous We got a banquet for the broads, they got a table for of fellas And they ain't spending no cake They should throw they hand in, 'Cause they ain't got no spades My whole team got dough So my banquette is looking like millionaires' row 
Life's a game but it's not fair I break the rules so I don't care (What's up) So I keep doin' my own thing Walkin' tall against the rain Victory's within the mile (What's up) Almost there, don't give up now Only thing that's on my mind Is who going run this town tonight (What's up) Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey (What's up) Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, heyy, Is who's going run this town tonight? 
It's crazy how you can go from being Joe Blow To everybody on your dick, no homo I bought my whole family whips, no Volvo's Next time I'm in church, please no photos Police escorts, everybody passports This the life that everybody ask for This a fast life, we are on a crash course What you think I rap for, to push a fucking Rav-4? But I know that if I stay stun-ting All these girls only gonna want one thing I could spend my whole life good will hunting Only good going come is as good when I'm coming She got a ass that'll swallow up a g-string And up top, uh, two bee stings And I'm beasting, off the Riesling And my guy just made it out the precinct We give a damn about the drama that you do bring I'm just trying to change the color on your mood ring Reebok, baby, you need to drop some new things Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings? What's that 'Ye? Baby, these heels Is that a may? What? Baby, these wheels You tripping when you ain't sipping, have a refill You feeling like you running’, huh? Now you know how we feel, (What's up) 
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey hey, (What's up) Hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, Hey hey, hey, hey, Hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, We gonna run this town tonight!
[Pain In Da Ass] 
[gunshots] OKAY, I'M RELOADED!!! 
You motherfuckers, think you big time? 
Fuckin with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time!
Here come the "Pain"! [gunshots]

[Jay-Z]
Jigga... (Jigga), Bigga... (Bigga)
guy, how you figure... (how you figure)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyyo

Peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (uh-huh)
The number one question is can the Feds get us (uh-huh)
I got vendettas in dice games against ass betters (uh-huh)
and guyz who pump wheels and drive Jettas
Take that witcha..

[Notorious B.I.G.]
.. hit ya, back split ya
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles
Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle
Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated 
Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug related
Most hate it..

[Jay-Z]
.. can't fade it
While y'all pump Willie, I run up in stunts silly
Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me 
But on the contrilli, I packs the mack-milli 
Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin soft on him 
What's ya name?

[Notorious B.I.G.]
.. Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra
Peruvians tried to do me in, I ain't paid them yet
Tryin to push 700's, they ain't made them yet
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit; rings too
guyz 'round the way call me Igloo Stix (Who?)
Motherfucker!

[Chorus]
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, guy shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin out for all
Marcy - that's right - you don't stop
Bed-Stuy.. you won't stop, guy!

[Jay-Z]
What, what, what?
Jay-Z, Big' Smalls, guy shit ya drawers
Brooklyn represent y'all, hit you fold
You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me?
I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV
(Jigga) Jay-Z

[Notorious B.I.G.]
.. and Bigga baby!
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious
Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches
from 62's, gem stars, my moms dishes
Gram chopping, police van docking
D's at my doors knocking

[Jay-Z]
What? Keep rocking
No more, Mister, Nice Guy, I twist your shit 
the fuck back with them pistols, blazing
Hot like cajun
Hotter than even holding work at the Days Inn
with New York plates outside
Get up outta there, fuck your ride

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper
Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank Wright
Leave the keys to your In-tegra (That's right)
Chill homie, the girl in the Shoney's told me
You're holding more drugs than a pharmacy, you ain't harming me
So pardon me, pass the safe, before I blaze the place 
and here's six shots just in case
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...)

[Chorus]
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, guy shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn going out to all
(Crown Heights...) You don't stop
(Brownsville...) You won't stop, guy!
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...)
Hah hah! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, guy shit ya drawers
(Where we from?) Brooklyn going out to all
(Bushwick...) You don't stop
(Fort Greene...) You won't stop, guyz!

[Jay-Z]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
For nine six, the only MC with a flu
Yeah I rhyme sick, I be what you're trying to do
Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, china white heron
guy please, like short sleeves I bear arms
Stay out my way from here on (CLEAR?) Gone!

Me and Gutter had two spots
The two for five dollar hits, the blue tops
Gotta go, Cool mean it's getting "Too Hot"
If Fay' had twins, she'd probably have two-Pac's
Get it? .. Tu-pac's

[Jay-Z]
Time to separate the pros from the cons
The platinum from the bronze
That butter soft shit from that leather on the Fonz
A S1 diamond from a eye class don
A Cham' Dom' sipper from a Rosay guy, huh?!
Brook-Nam, sippin on 

[Notorious B.I.G.]
Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather
The M.A.F.I.A. keep canons in they Marc Buchanans
Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow, tossin ya
Mad slugs through your Nautica, I'm warnin ya
(Hah, what the fuck?)

[Chorus]
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, guy shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all
(Flatbush...) You don't stop
(Redhook...) You won't stop, guy!
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, guy shit ya drawers
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all
(East New York...) You don't stop
(Clinton Hill...) You won't stop, guy!
("Is Brooklyn in the house?")

[Outro]
Uhh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all, Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
Superbad click, Brook-lyn's Finest, you re-wind this 
Represetin BK to the fullest
You're now tuned into the mu'fuckin greatest
Turn the music up in the headphones
Tim, you can go and brush your shoulder off guy I got you, yeah

If you feeling like a pimp guy, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, gon' brush your shoulders off
guys is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder

I probably owe it to y'all, proud to be locked by the force
Trying to hustle some things, that go with the Porsche
Feeling no remorse, feeling like my hand was forced
Middle finger to the Lord, guy grip I'm a boss
Stab the ladies they love me, from the bleachers they screaming
All the ballers is bouncing they like the way I be leaning
All the rappers be hating, off the track that I'm making
But all the hustlers they love it just to see one of us make it
Came from the bottom the bottom, to the top of the pots
guy London, Japan and I'm straight off the block
Like a running back, get it man, I'm straight off the block
I can run it back guy cause I'm straight with the Roc

If you feeling like a pimp guy, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, going brush your shoulders off
guys is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder

You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder

Your homey Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda
I just whipped up a watch, tryin' to get me a Rover
Tryin' to stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir
Keep the Heckler close, you know them smokers'll test ya
But like, fifty-two cards when I'm, I'm through dealin'
Now fifty-two bars come out, now you feel 'em
Now, fifty-two cars roll out, remove ceiling
In case fifty-two broads come out, now you chillin'
With a boss girl of course S.C. on the sleeve
At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen
I paid a grip for the jeans, plus the slippers is clean
No chrome on the wheels, I'm a grown-up for real

If you feelin' like a pimp guy, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, gon' brush your shoulders off
guys is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder

You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder

Your boy back in the building, Brooklyn we back on the map
Me and my beautiful girl in the back of that 'Bach
I'm the realest that run it, I just happen to rap
I ain't gotta clap at 'em, guys scared of that black
I drop that "Black Album" then I back, out it
As the best rapper alive guy ask about me
From Bricks to Billboards, from grams to Grammy's
The O's to opposite, Orphan Annie
You gotta pardon Jay, for sellin' out the Garden in a day
I'm like a young Marvin in his hey'
I'm a hustler homey, you a customer crony
Got some, dirt on my shoulder, could you brush it off for me?

If you feelin' like a pimp guy, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, gon' brush your shoulders off
guys is crazy baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder

You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get, that, dirt off your shoulder

You're now tuned into the mu'fuckin' greatest

Best rapper alive, best rapper alive
Yeah
Yeah, I'm up at Brooklyn, now I'm down in Tribeca
Right next to DeNiro, but I'll be hood forever
I'm the new Sinatra and since I made it here
I can make it anywhere, yeah, they love me everywhere

I used to cop in Harlem, all of my Dominicanos
Right there up on Broadway, brought me back to that McDonald's
Took it to my stash spot: 560 State Street
Catch me in the kitchen like the Simmons whippin' pastry

Cruising down 8th Street, off-white Lexus
Driving so slow, but B.K. is from Texas
Now I'm up at Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie
Now I live on billboard and I brought my boys with me

Say what up to Ty Ty, still sippin' Mai Tais
Sittin' courtside Knicks and Nets give me high fives
guy I be spiked out, I can trip a referee
Tell by my attitude that I most definitely from

In New York
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothing you can't do
Now you're in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York
I made you hot guy

Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous than a Yankee can
You should know I bleed blue, but I ain't a Crip though
But I got a gang of guys walkin' with my clique though

Welcome to the melting pot, corners where we selling rock
Afrika Bambaataa shit, home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners it ain't fair they act like they forgot how to add

Eight million stories out there in the naked
City it's a pity half of y'all won't make it
Me I gotta plug Special Ed "I got it made"
If Jeezy's payin' LeBron, I'm payin' Dwayne Wade

Three-dice Cee-lo, three-card Monte
Labor Day parade, rest in peace Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty, long live the World Trade
Long live the king, yo, I'm from the Empire State that's

In New York
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothing you can't do
Now you're in New York (welcome to the bright lights, baby)
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York
Welcome to the bright light

Lights is blinding, girls need blinders
Or they can step out of bounds quick, the sidelines is
Lined with casualties who sipping life casually
Then gradually become worse, don't bite the apple Eve

Caught up in the in-crowd
Now you're in-style, and in the winter gets cold en vogue with your skin out
The city of sin is a pity on a whim
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them

Mommy took a bus trip, now she got her bust out
Everybody ride her, just like a bus route
Hail Mary to the city you're a virgin
And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church ends

Came here for school, graduated to the high life
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight
MDMA got you feeling like a champion
The city never sleeps, better slip you an Ambien

In New York
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothing you can’t do
Now you’re in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York, New York, New York

One hand in the air for the big city
Street lights, big dreams, all looking pretty
No place in the world that can compare
Put your lighters in the air, everybody say yeah
Come on, come
Yeah

In New York
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothing you can't do
Now you're in New York
These streets will make you feel brand new
Big lights will inspire you
Let's hear it for New York
We're going to skate to one song and one song only"
Ball so hard muh'fuckas wanna fine me

So I hard muh'fuckas wanna fine me
But first guys gotta find me
What's fifty grand to a muh'fucka like me
Can you please remind me?
Ball so hard, this shit crazy
Y'all don't know that don't shit phase me
The Nets could go 0-82 and I look at you like this shit gravy
Ball so hard, this shit weird
We ain't even 'pose to be here,
Ball so hard, since we here
It's only right that we be fair
Psycho, I'm liable to be go Michael
Take your pick, Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
Ball so hard, got a broke clock, Rolleys that don't tick tok
Audemars that's losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks
Ball so hard, I'm shocked too, I'm supposed to be locked up too
You escaped what I've escaped
You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
Ball so hard, let's get faded, Le Meurice for like six days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin' eights on my sick J's
(Ball so hard) girl behave, just might let you meet Ye,
Chi towns D. Rose, I'm movin' the Nets to BK

Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
That shit cra'
That shit cra'
That shit cra'
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
That shit cra'
That shit cra'
That shit cra'

She said Ye can we get married at the mall?
I said look you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all
(Ball so hard) That shit cra', (That shit cra') ain't it Jay?
(Ball so hard) What she order (What she order) fish fillet
(Ball so hard) Your whip so cold (whip so cold) this old thing
(Ball so hard) Act like you'll ever be around motherfuckas like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand
Fuck that girl she don't wanna dance
Excuse my French but I'm in France (I'm just sayin')
Prince William's ain't do it right if you ask me
'Cause if I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci my guy?
What's Louie my killa?
What's drugs my deala?
What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest
'Cause I'm suffering from realness
Got my guys in Paris
And they going gorillas, huh!?

You are now watching the throne
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
Don't let me get in my zone
These other guys is lying
Actin' like the summer ain't mine

I got that hot girl in my home
You know how many hot girls I own
Don't let me in my zone
Don't let me in my zone
Don't let me in my zone
Don't let me in my zone
The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I'm bout to kill it
How you know, I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me into my zone
Don't let me into my zone
I'm definitely in my zone
(Zone, zone, zone, zone, zone, zone, zone, zone)
