"The boy's got a broken brain!

- Fix him for me now,

I can't do a thing with him."



     - So I hear you say,

     Though he seems intelligent enough.



After all, he's smart enough 

To know the whys and wherefores

Of every deal that goes down on his street -

Every $ passing hands in the dark,

Summed and totalled in his head.

But Math - Forget it.

And you'll never see him crack a book for study's sake.



Perhap's that's because you broke his heart,

Long ago, though his face will never show it.

Because he bleeds inside,

Though to hear him talk you'd never know it.

You tore his shadoworld apart

Just by never being there -

You broke his proud red eggshell heart

Because he knows you never cared.



Perhaps this is why Rage is his religion,

And he only values Gain,

Why Payback is his Creed,

His only currency Pain.

This then is why he wears the shirt 

That reads, "Never Forget, Never Forgive";

This why he's unafraid to kill or die,

Yet terrified to live.



So go get an education -

 Start with a hard look at yourself -

You that schooled a nation

In the politics of Greed,

Builders of the conflagration

Of burning, unmet Need

Now threatening to consume us

As it climbs into the skies,

As it whispers warnings to us

From his vacant, cold stare eyes.



You broke his heart,

A wound more deep

Than I alone can mend,

I, just one beleaguered horseman.

Cannot set it right again.
Poiseidon's waters roil and roar

All up and down the craggy coast;

Their winedark waves have brought the host

Of foreign men all drunk for glory,

For the sake of one man's vanity

They traveled to your alien shore

To write with blood and bone a story

Of the Gods' capriciousness towards men,

Of passion's triumph over sanity

Which they shall repeat: again, again.



The men will surge against your city walls

Ten long and doleful years;

As your children, born to violence, shriek, and widows' tears

Appeal to you, their hero Prince,

To drive them back to whence they came

As your father walks the palace halls,

As does his shade now, ever since -

Ever since you went out to face the foe

And pass to time your noble name,

Their legend and their martyr, hope and woe.



It would be asked by what Creed you chose to live

Before you fell to the Fates' perversity,

Before their undeserving Champion dragged you 'round the city.

"Honor the Gods", you said, cruel though they may be.

"Defend your Country", you said, though it be doomed.

"Love your Women", you said, as only they can give

Meaning to the madness from across the sea.

Your father forced to beg for your battered corpse; so many dead,

Their faces still now, 'neath the swaying plumes

Of shining helmets, others waiting in their stead.



     "Honor the Gods

       Defend your Country

       Love your women."



- Oh you grey heads who start your wars for Pride,

Go ask Andromache's ghost

What it meant to her.


You must help put things back together,

If you want our nightmares to end.
The smoke from the shashlik  fires  made us hungry
So that we could have eaten the falling golden manna from the trees
Offered to two wanderers in this sylvan wilderness.
Not forty years, but forty minutes in which life changed for us. 
It was only a field trip she said, to study the socio-environmental
Arrangement, the attitudes, of couples in the autumnal picnic grounds. 
She needed the truth for her dissertation, she needed my help.
Knight errant in the pursuit of knowledge, that’s me.
In pursuit of her, if the simple truth be known.
She gave me the golden opportunity I had been seeking all summer:
Now the harvest was at hand, and the reaper all too ready.
She needed photos to show the attitudes of the couples
No photos were  needed to show our attitudes. 
We were clearly a couple with attitude, and my socio-environmental
Score matched hers exactly: that’s scientific for “we fell in love”.
Look up! Such a glorious afternoon of yellows, and a blue sky.
Look down! The lake reflecting our faces filled with smiling delight,
Gold underfoot, and her lustrous flaxen hair draped over my shoulder.
The field trip showed the truth, she knew it and so did I.
It was forty years ago : we still remember it, tell our kids about it,
Especially on fall days like today.
Strolling the beach one day, a magnificent shell I happened to see.

I picked it up and held it to my ear - just out of curiosity -

To see if the old wives tale was true that it could speak to me!

Behold! 'Tis true! What fantastic tales it spewed forth from the sea!



I heard waves lapping gently against a sailboat as through the sea it tore,

And the mighty roar of breakers crashing upon a distant shore!

I eavesdropped on a pod of gossiping whales cruising at their leisure,

And I could swear I heard phantom pirates arguing o'er lost treasure!



I heard the battles' roar of mighty armadas in their quest for victory,

And the screams of heroic men slipping 'neath the waves to spend eternity!

I heard the groan of majestic ships breaking apart plunging to the deep.

I even heard the final SOS of the Titanic before it took its tragic leap!



I heard the chanting of old sea dogs as they plied the bounding main,

And their pleas for God's mercy as they sailed his treacherous domain!

I heard the wind shrieking through the rigging of the dashing Cutty Sark,

As she sped through the Roaring Forties, those straits so very startk!



I was startled to hear sergeant major fish count cadence as if on parade,

And the amorous beckoning coo of a charming, yet illusive mermaid!

Could it be that these mysterious things I heard were just an aberration?

Perhaps, but what a change from my boring cell phone communication!
Footsteps.



She sits there all alone at home and turns down her TV.

To listen to his footsteps walking through her memory.



She hears him as he climbs the steps that lead up to his room.

It's fifty some years later, still the child of her womb.



She can almost count the steps as he moves across the floor.

So real she can't imagine, that he's not there no more.



Through troubled times he wrote the rhymes he used to call his own.

Sitting in his room upstairs where he stayed all alone.



She offers up just one more prayer for peace he'll never find.

Asking God to help him through and ease his broken mind.



She watched him in his early years, she saw right from the start.

This child she once carried, born with a broken heart.



There's not a doctor anywhere, no pill that you can take.

When the heart you hide inside is made so it will break. 



Stacks of poems and rhymes he wrote all clutter up the shelf.

Now he's out helping others, he can't seem to help himself.



So she sits there all alone at home and turns down her TV.

To listen to his footsteps walking through her memory.



Times she watched him struggle, he tripped and then he fell.

Times she tried to save him as his life played out in hell.



Times he felt there's no one there. That's when he turned to rhyme.

He couldn't hear or see her there. She was right there all the time.



Sitting there at home alone she turned down her TV.

Waiting for the footsteps that are now a memory.
Well let me

In my troubled nights I took comfort in the scenery of my old window

One tiny sparkle always shone its way through the darkness, embracing my sorrow

Till the night I decided to visit my sorrow's whisker in the belly of midnight

I wrestled through the bushes sacrificing my blood on the alter of their sharp leaves and thorns

Till my eyes was paralyzed on this black rose that collected drops of dew in its petals and lightened them with the moonlight; that mysterious sparkle now lay bare in my eyes and in my reach for the first time.

I'd never seen black so beautiful, but as much as I wanted to pluck it for myself my heart wouldn't let me, for I was not in love with just a black rose but everything else that made it sparkle my sorrows away; the moon and the dew.

As I left with doubt clouding my mind, I saw its sparkling drops trickle down its petals.

Can a rose cry?

For I live now never to see it sparkle again ever since that night.
As the seasons of my life changes, glorious it may not be!!

Valley bells summons the flock to chapel.

Heavily polished Pews squeak, as Village flock take their seats.

Distant ghostly voices ring out with such shallowness.

“Chapel roof raised with such false faith”

No attention paid to the sermon.

The congregation floored by jealousy, as each man mirrored by his own status.

Women competing, against their hats and frocks.

Jealousy worms weaving through their gowns,

feathers in hats, quivers as the coven moves through the vestry door.

Minister excited to the jingles of the collection box whilst being passed around and around.

my soul lays upon a bed of thistles.

Whilst the thorned crown compresses the thoughts within my head.

Lurking within the shadows of the cross .

Whilst the gruelling over the sacrificial lamb

So-called reputable men “ that should not be”

The pitch pine pulpit, creeks with despair.

Parishioners best clothed with shiny shoes,

“all hypocrites congregate here”!!

Layer upon layer of blasphemous faith,

create a stain on uneasiness upon the so-called sacred walls .

Each Private hymnbook worn by sweating hand,

fidgeting tell- tales of fear through ware.

Each before God and un- easy to what conscience they happen to bear!! 

 “ If this is faith, then I want no more,”

All false faces glance, finally and for the last time.
They never went to war; they stayed at home

The young, the old, the unwell and the dead

The women who were not allowed to roam

The men who tilled the fields and baked the bread

Some sat in darkness waiting for the rap

Of letterbox, and soft white feather fall

The silence broken by a dripping tap

Dark shadows cast by street lamps on the wall

The little lads who ran behind the train

That took their fathers off to certain death

Who waved until their arms ached in the rain

Who ran until their lungs ran out of breath

Old men who yearned for youth; just one more chance

To feel the blood flow, hear the battle cry

To wear the uniform and take a stance

To stand with other men, to fight and die

The crippled and the mad, the deaf, the blind

Escaped the fate of many thousand men

Some angry that they had been left behind

Some thankful that they’d never fight again

Women, who with their sleeves rolled ploughed the land

Lit candles, raised the children, hid their tears

Made ammunitions with a careful hand

Kept watch and saved the night time for their fears

So many stayed at home, and stayed alive

And suffered pain and loss, regret and guilt

That they were left, that they were to survive

Within the house such sacrifice had built

Their many names are not inscribed on stone

Those sorrowed souls, so haunted by war’s ghost

Were left to stand and mourn the dead alone

Listening to the trumpet sound the post
People say that love never fails,

That all is fair in love and war,

But really, how do you know,

What love can or can not do?

And if all is fair in love and war, then

Why does someone always end up getting hurt?

I know my love will never fail,

Because I love you with all my heart and soul,

Because I would give my life for you,

And everything I am or have just to be with you.

However, I can not be fair to all

Because all is not fair in love and war.

I wish to hurt no one, so I don't,

But by doing so, I hurt myself.

My heart wants to be with you so much

And yet I wish to hurt no one.

So I don't, I don't confess my love for you,

I keep it locked inside,

And as a friend I stay by your side.

My love for you remains forever pure and unchanged.

I love you, Yes, I do, with all my heart and soul,

With all that I am and hope to be just for you.

My heart untamed and wild, dreaming of what if,

But it's cut in half by the love I feel for both.

My heart belongs to you but only half,

Because I gave the other half away to him.

Now I suffer for my love, for both are great,

But only one, I wish I could be with forever.

All is not fair in love and war,

So I love you both and suffer much,

Because my heart is wounded, torn in half.

I can not speak of my deep love for you,

I can not confess my feelings to you.

So I go on with my life pretending nothing's wrong.

Why must I go on without your love?

It's faith, I guess, that I suffer so.

It's destiny to love you so.
Nobody told me that the road would be EASY,

Believe ME.

With every BREATH,

I begin to feel one with DEATH.

Wondering why it’s not me lifeless in the GRAVE.

Wondering why my life is being SAVED?

The more I breathe in this world’s AIR,.

The more I seem to CARE.

The more than I APPRECIATE,

Every time I AWAKE. 

Every time I CRY,

Every fear I FACE,

I’m realizing I’m living NOW,

 for a purpose, while preparing MYSELF, 

for a better PLACE.

I do not know what tomorrow BRINGS,

But I know what today IS.



My tomorrow results from what I make of TODAY!

Today determines what my tomorrow may BRING!

Yesterday helps factors a fraction of my TODAY!



But nobody told ME!

The weight of the world would be carried by ME.

I knew it would be HARD,

but never did I think it would be this DIFFICULT.

I never thought I would actually loose so MUCH,

before I gain so LITTLE.

I never thought the little gain, would mean so MUCH!
Tell me not, in mournful numbers,
Life is but an empty dream! 
For the soul is dead that slumbers,
And things are not what they seem.

Life is real! Life is earnest! 
And the grave is not its goal; 
Dust thou art, to dust returnest,
Was not spoken of the soul.

Not enjoyment, and not sorrow,
Is our destined end or way; 
But to act, that each to-morrow
Find us farther than to-day.

Art is long, and Time is fleeting,
And our hearts, though stout and brave,
Still, like muffled drums, are beating
Funeral marches to the grave.

In the world’s broad field of battle,
In the bivouac of Life,
Be not like dumb, driven cattle! 
Be a hero in the strife! 

Trust no Future, howe’er pleasant! 
Let the dead Past bury its dead! 
Act,— act in the living Present! 
Heart within, and God o’erhead! 

Lives of great men all remind us
We can make our lives sublime,
And, departing, leave behind us
Footprints on the sands of time; 

Footprints, that perhaps another,
Sailing o’er life’s solemn main,
A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,
Seeing, shall take heart again.

Let us, then, be up and doing,
With a heart for any fate; 
Still achieving, still pursuing,
Learn to labor and to wait. 
